Items:
[X] Core Vitality: Take less damage from elites.
Core Vitality was the most important invention since the wheel. It was a small, round, battery-sized device that you inserted into your chest. Once it was in place, it provided you with a never-ending source of energy and health.

Naturally, the Core Vitality was a hot commodity, and people were willing to pay any price to get their hands on one. The inventor, a small, bald man named Jerry, became a millionaire overnight.

Jerry was a kind man, and he wanted to make sure that everyone had access to Core Vitality. So he decided to open up his own store, and sell them for a fraction of the price.

People were skeptical at first, but when they saw how healthy and energetic Jerry looked, they were convinced. Jerry's store became a huge success, and Core Vitality became a household name.

[X] Icy Wind: Boosted critical hit chance while below 50% health.
The icy wind was blowing again. Anna had forgotten to bring her gloves, and now her hands were numb and tingling. She wished she had remembered her scarf too, but it was in her other coat pocket. She wrapped her arms around herself and trudged onwards.

Suddenly, she heard a strange noise. It sounded like... sing-song laughter? She turned around, and saw a group of small creatures walking towards her. They were dressed in strange clothes, and they had the most ridiculous haircuts.

The creatures walked right past her, still laughing. Anna was about to continue on her way when she heard one of them say "Icy Wind, Icy Wind!". She looked back and saw that the creatures had all stopped and were looking at her.

"What?" she asked.

"Icy Wind, Icy Wind!" the creatures sang again.

Anna tried to walk away, but the creatures followed her. "Icy Wind, Icy Wind!" they chanted.

Anna was getting angry now. "What do you want with me?" she yelled.

The creatures stopped chanting and looked at each other. One of them stepped forward. "We just wanted to say hello," he said.

"Hello," Anna replied coldly.

The creature smiled. "Have a nice day."

[X] Blizzard Cloak: Reduces damage taken for a few seconds after using attacks.
I was having the worst day. My alarm didn't go off, I spilled coffee on my shirt, and then I got a ticket on the way to work. I thought things couldn't possibly get worse, but they did.

I was walking down the street when I saw a guy in a cloak walking towards me. It was a blizzard outside and I could see the guy's breath fogging up in the air. As he got closer, I could see that his eyes were glowing a bright blue.

I started to run, but the guy was too fast. He grabbed me and put his hand over my mouth. I could feel his freezing cold fingers on my skin. Then everything went black.

When I woke up, I was in a dark room. The cloak guy was there, laughing at me. He told me that he had taken me to his lair, and that I was going to be his slave forever.

I didn't know what to do, but then I had an idea. I asked the guy if I could borrow his cloak for a little bit. He said yes, and I put it on.

As soon as the cloak touched my skin, I felt a warm rush of energy course through my body. I knew what I had to do. I took the cloak off and hit the guy over the head with it. Then I took off running.

I don't know what the cloak does, but I'm not going to question my good luck. I'm just going to enjoy my new-found freedom.

[*] Sticky Cheeks: 3 stacks of sticky tendrils spawn on each corpse.
The inventor of the Sticky Cheeks®™ adhesive was a genius. But even geniuses make mistakes. When he was testing the adhesive, he got it on his face. And it wouldn't come off. For days he tried to get it off, but it was no use. The adhesive was too strong. He had to go to work like that, with a face covered in glue. People started calling him "Sticky Cheeks". And the name stuck.

[X] Potent Gem: Constantly applies a slow to enemies that are within 10 meters.
A gem found on a distant planet was found to have unusual properties. It was so potent that even a small fragment could create a powerful energy field. The gem was quickly claimed by the planet's government and put on display in the capital city.

Tourists and visitors from other planets came to see the amazing gem. Some were even brave enough to touch it. But no one knew its true power until one brave scientist decided to study it more closely.

He discovered that the gem could not only create energy fields, but it could also control minds. The government quickly took the gem back and put it in a secret room where no one could find it. 

But even with the gem hidden away, the scientist's mind had been taken over by the gem. He could not stop thinking about it and how he could get his hands on it again. The scientist became a shadow of his former self and soon died, still thinking about the gem.

[X] Frostwyrmkin's Wail: Your chance to freeze enemies on hit is increased.
It's the end of the world. That's what they say. But who knows for sure? The only thing that's for certain is that the Frostwyrmkin's Wail is coming.

Some people say it's a mythical creature, a dragon made of ice that heralds the end of days. Others say it's an alien spaceship, come to wipe us all out. But no one really knows for sure.

What we do know is that it's coming, and that's enough to send chills down our spines. We've all heard the stories, seen the evidence. The world is ending, and there's nothing we can do about it.

Except maybe laugh about it.

Yes, maybe we can't save the world, but that doesn't mean we can't have a little fun with it. Let's face it, the end of the world is going to be pretty boring if we're all too scared to have any fun.

So let's party like there's no tomorrow. Let's dance until we can't dance anymore. Let's drink until we can't drink anymore. Let's laugh until we can't laugh anymore.

And when the Frostwyrmkin's Wail comes, let's welcome it with open arms. It might be the end of the world, but at least we'll go out with a smile on our faces.

[X] Bloody Knife: Kills also grant 20% attack speed and crit.
The scene was like something out of a sci-fi horror film. The small townspeople were gathered around a figure sprawled on the ground, their eyes wide with shock. Then, from the corner of the crowd, came a woman dressed entirely in black with a gleaming, blood red blade in one hand. With an intense look, she held the Bloody Knife up for all to see and declared, “This is why we can never trust technology!”

There was an audible gasp from the crowd as the realization of what had happened sunk in. It was true; too many people had been lost to advances in robotics that just couldn't replace a human touch. They'd all heard the rumors about robots malfunctioning and taking innocent lives—and now this.\r\n\r\nThe woman smiled sheepishly as she tucked the Bloody Knife away, an apology in her eyes. She explained that she'd been trying to program a robot to work a kitchen knife but as it turned out, it didn't know when to stop slicing tomatoes. Unfortunately, it also didn't know when to stop slicing people.

A few chuckles broke out amidst the murmurs that followed as people processed what they'd just heard. In spite of it all, it was probably normal for something like this to happen in a world this complicated. Besides, it could have been much worse, though the Bloody Knife still remained a shining reminder of the dangers of technology.

[X] Scholar's Mask: Chance on activation of an interactable to heal allies.
Marta looked up from her book and admired the mask on the shelf. It was beautiful, with its intricate carvings and delicate gold trim. She had always loved masks, and this one was no exception.

She was about to put it back when she heard a voice behind her.

"That's a Scholar's Mask."

Marta turned around to see a man standing there, watching her.

"I know," she said, "I just love masks."

"It's not just a mask," the man said. "It's a very powerful artifact."

Marta was intrigued. "What does it do?"

"It amplifies the wearer's intelligence and wisdom," the man said.

Marta was sold. She grabbed the mask and put it on. Immediately, she could feel the power coursing through her. She felt smarter, wiser. She could feel the knowledge of centuries flowing through her mind.

The man smiled. "Now you are a true scholar."

[*] Bone Field: Chance on activation of an interactable to damage all enemies within a large radius around you.
The Bone Field was a place where all the bones in the world were supposed to go. But no one ever went there, because it was way out in the middle of nowhere, and it was so spooky.

But one day, a group of kids decided to go see the Bone Field. They were all excited, until they got there and saw how spooky it was. There were skeletons everywhere, and the ground was covered in bones.

The kids were so scared that they ran away. They never went back to the Bone Field again.

[*] Sparked Hydrobow: Poison all enemies within 10 yards on hit.
The Hydrobow was the latest must-have toy for kids of all ages. It was a bow that shot water instead of arrows, and it was a ton of fun to shoot at your friends (or siblings) and watch them get soaked. But the Hydrobow had a secret ability that made it even more fun - it could shoot sparks!

One day, two kids were playing with their Hydrobows in the backyard. They were having a blast shooting sparks at each other and watching the other get wet. Suddenly, one of the kids hit his Hydrobow too hard against a rock. The Hydrobow sparked and caught on fire!

The kid tried to put out the fire, but it was too late. The Hydrobow was ruined, and the kid was covered in water and sparks. Moral of the story - be careful with your Hydrobow, or you might end up getting burned!

[*] Shield Wall: When attacked, raise a shield around yourself. The Shield Wall reduces damage you take by 50% for 3 seconds. Consumed on use.
The Shield Wall was the latest and greatest invention by Professor Thaddeus T. Potts. It was a shield that would protect anyone behind it from any attack. The shield was powered by a small generator that the user carried with them. The shield created a barrier that was impenetrable.

Potts had been working on the shield for years and finally finished it just in time for the big war. He was sure that it would help to win the war. The generals were skeptical but decided to give it a try.

The first battle the Shield Wall was used in was a huge success. The shield held off all the attacks and the soldiers behind it were safe. The shield Wall was quickly adopted by the army and helped them to win many battles.

[*] Body Armor: Block a single shot.
The body armor was created to help protect people from harm. It is made of a strong, durable material that can withstand a lot of damage. The armor is meant to be worn by people who are in danger or who need to be protected. It is a lifesaver for many people.

The armor is not perfect, however. There have been cases where the armor has failed to protect people from harm. In some cases, people have even been killed while wearing the armor. Despite these failures, the body armor remains a vital part of many people's lives.

Thank you for choosing our body armor. We hope it will help keep you safe from harm.

Please note: This armor is not intended to be worn while pregnant.

Editor's note: I'm not sure what you were trying to go for with this one, but it didn't quite make the cut.

[*] Grave Digger: Revert back to spawn on death.
The Grave Digger was the latest invention from the Fordson Corporation. It was designed to help with the excavation of graves, hence the name.

The Grave Digger was a huge success and quickly became the go-to machine for cemetery workers all over the world. It was so popular, in fact, that Fordson decided to release a smaller, more portable version called the Grave Digger Jr.

The Grave Digger Jr. was the perfect machine for smaller cemeteries or for graves that were in difficult to reach places. It was also a big hit with the public, who loved its unique design and its ability to quickly and easily excavate graves.

Thanks to the Grave Digger Jr., Fordson has quickly become the leading manufacturer of cemetery excavation machines.

[*] Marauder's Charger: Faster attacks while sprinting.
The Marauder's Charger was the most advanced piece of technology on the market. It was a sleek black car with powerful engines that could travel up to 500 miles per hour. The car was equipped with all the latest features, including a self-driving mode and a built-in GPS.

The Marauder's Charger was the perfect car for thrill seekers and speed lovers. It was the perfect car for road trips, family vacations, and weekend getaways.

The only problem with the Marauder's Charger was that it was so expensive. The car cost $1 million dollars, which was a lot of money for most people.

Despite the high price tag, the Marauder's Charger was the most popular car on the market. It was the car of choice for celebrities, athletes, and wealthy businessmen.

[*] Euphoric Extinction: Increses armor of all allies
Euphoric Extinction is a powerful new drug that's sweeping the nation. It's a synthetic opioid that's 100 times more powerful than fentanyl. It's a white powder that can be smoked, injected, or snorted. It's been linked to dozens of overdoses and deaths. Police are warning people about the dangers of Euphoric Extinction and urging people to stay away from it.

The drug is so powerful that it can kill you within minutes. It's been nicknamed "white death" because of its lethal effects. It's a major problem in many cities, and law enforcement is struggling to control it.

[*] Chaingun Finisher: Chance on critical hit to perform a firestorm.
She reached for the Chaingun Finisher, but her hand was shaking too much. She'd never used a gun before, let alone one of this power. She considered running, but knew she'd be cut down in an instant. She thought of her family, and of how she would never see them again. She thought of the man who had killed them, and of how she would never get to see his face. She thought of all the people who had wronged her in her life, and she thought of all the ways she would make them pay.

She lifted the gun and fired.

The man's head exploded in a shower of blood and brains. His body fell to the ground with a thud, and Sarah felt a rush of pleasure, of power, that was unlike anything she had ever experienced. She grinned and fired again, and again, until the man was nothing but a pile of meat.

She felt alive. She felt powerful. She felt like she could do anything.

And she was going to enjoy every minute of it.

[*] Sorcerer's Lament: Summon a friendly chimera, then heal yourself for 25% of their max health when they kill an enemy.
The Sorcerer's Lament is a powerful magical artifact that allows the wielder to control the minds of others. The King had always been fascinated by its power, and as a young man, he spent many hours gazing into its swirling depths. One day, he decided to take it for a test drive. He commanded his court wizard to fetch him a peasant from the village. The peasant was brought before the King, who ordered him to bow. The peasant refused. The King used the Sorcerer's Lament to force the peasant to bow, and then he ordered the peasant to kill himself. The peasant complied and died on the spot. The King was pleased with his new toy and ordered the court wizard to bring him another peasant.

[*] Lack of Self-Reliance: Gain Shield Charge while near zero health.
John had always been a bit of a worrywart. He was always afraid of things that could go wrong, and he never wanted to take any risks. This caused him to be very dependent on others, and he never really learned how to take care of himself. This was evident when John was left stranded on a deserted island. He quickly ran out of food and water, and he had no idea how to find either. He eventually died of starvation, all because he was too afraid to take care of himself.

[*] Hearted: Knock enemies backward when striking.
When Galen picked up the little metal ball, he had no idea how much his life would change. The oddly weighted item felt like a heart in his hand, and as he rolled it around, he felt a warm energy within him. Sparks of light began to dance in his eyes and his heart raced. From that day forward, he was able to feel the hearts of others, and connect with them in a way he never could before. He could feel their joys and their sorrows, and he knew that he was never alone again.

[*] Virulent Plague: Apply a stacking poison effect on hit. Can stack up to 5 times.
Taylor had always been interested in biology, so when she was approached about working on a top secret project, she couldn't say no. She was given a black box filled with vials of a mysterious liquid. The liquid was called Virulent Plague, and it was her job to figure out how to make it more potent.

At first, Taylor was excited about her project. But as she worked on it, she started to feel uneasy. The more potent the Plague became, the more her health started to suffer. Eventually, she realized that the Plague was killing her, but it was too late to stop. She knew that she had to release the virus to the world, even though it meant her own death.

[*] Lucid Shard: Double the effect of consumable items. (Allow them to be consumed twice before depleting?)
The shards were designed to amplify the users thoughts, but instead, the users found themselves trapped in their own minds, unable to escape their own nightmares. The company that created the shards soon went bankrupt over the lawsuits from the victims families. The shards are now nearly forgotten, but sometimes, if you're lucky, you can still find one in circulation.

[*] Golden Mask: Create a decoy when you take damage.
As an archaeologist, Sarah had seen her fair share of ancient relics. But nothing she had ever encountered prepared her for the discovery of the Golden Mask. When she first beheld the mask, she knew it was something special. It was intricately carved and shone with a golden light that seemed to come from within. Sarah couldn't help but feel drawn to it.

She decided to take the mask home with her and study it further. The more she learned about it, the more obsessed she became. The Golden Mask seemed to have a life of its own and Sarah was determined to find out why.

In the end, the mask consumed her completely. It took over her mind and body, turning her into a mindless servant of the mask. Now, Sarah is nothing more than its slave. And the Golden Mask is the only thing she cares about.

[*] Meteorite Hammer: Chance on hit to cause a meteor shower.
It was a typical day on the job for space miner turned asteroid smasher John Rocket. He was tasked with eliminating a large meteor headed for Earth when he noticed something peculiar about the object. It appeared to be...hollow. John took the opportunity to strike the meteor with all his might, only to find his hammer ricocheting off and flying back into his face.

The surprise discovery of a meteor filled with valuable space rocks was a turning point in John's career. He quickly went from struggling miner to affluent asteroid smasher, crushing any space rocks he could find. And the best part? He always uses his trusty meteorite hammer to do the smashing.

Even though John's days of being a space miner are long behind him, he still reminisces about his old days, when he was searching for treasure in the vast emptiness of space. He'll never forget the day he found his biggest payday yet, thanks to his trusty meteorite hammer.

[*] Tome of Quests: Grants a bonus for completing all objectives in a level. (Item, money, exp?)
The Tome of Quests is a hilarious and mildly sci-fi take on the modern day quest book. Within its pages, you'll find a variety of outlandish quests, complete with tips on how to achieve your goals (or die trying). From slaying a dragon to retrieving a lost artifact, the Tome of Quests has everything you need to get your adventure started. So what are you waiting for? Pick up a copy today!

[*] Voidstone: Increases void damage and chance to cause a void explosion.
In the year 25XX, the human race has been forced to abandon Earth after a cataclysmic event left the planet uninhabitable. In a last ditch effort to save the species, a team of scientists working aboard the space station Ark 4 developed a method of ridding humans of their emotions, which they believed were the root of all conflict. The procedure was deemed a success, and the population of Ark 4 was able to establish a new home on Mars.

Years passed and the new settlers managed to thrive, thanks in part to the absence of emotions. However, there was one unforeseen consequence of the procedure: Voidstone, a black and viscous substance, began to form in the inhabitants' brains. The substance caused those affected by it to become detached from reality, eventually leading to their demise.

No one knew how to stop Voidstone from spreading, and as more and more people succumbed to its effects, the once thriving colony descended into chaos. In a last ditch effort to save the human race, the scientists who had developed the procedure used their own brains as test subjects, in hopes of finding a cure.

It was too late. Voidstone had already taken too many lives and there was no hope for a cure. The few remaining inhabitants of Ark 4 watched as the planet they had fought so hard to save became nothing more than a graveyard.

[*] Reaper's Scythe: Killing an enemy grants you a random buff.
Buyers of Reaper's Scythe are privy to a few special bonuses aswell. For starters, all buyers are given a free death certificate. And for a limited time, buyers will also receive a signed copy of the Reaper's Handbook, which includes a few extra discounts on death and dying.

The Scythe is a fine piece of hardware. It's light but strong, and the blade is sharp enough to cut through bone like butter. The Reaper himself has been known to use it, and he's pretty good at what he does.

So what makes the Scythe so special? It's not the blade, or the handle, or the weight. It's the fact that the Scythe can cut through anything. Death is final, and no one escapes it.

So what are you waiting for? Order your very own Reaper's Scythe today!

[*] Gambler's Coin: Increase your chances of finding better loot.
The Gambler's Coin has been around for centuries, and there are countless stories about it. One common legend is that the coin was invented by a French gambler named Marcel. Marcel was a master of all games of chance, and he always seemed to win no matter what he played. One day, Marcel was playing cards against some of the best players in Paris, and he was down to his last coin. With no other options, Marcel flipped the coin and called heads. The coin came up tails, and his opponents laughed at him. But Marcel didn't care. He knew that the Gambler's Coin was going to help him win the next hand. And sure enough, he won the hand and took the pot.

[X] Eternity's Edge: Increases critical chance and damage with each successful hit.
When longtime scientist and inventor Dr. Harold Andrews created Eternity's Edge, he had no idea of the mayhem and destruction it would cause. The experimental time machine was supposed to allow humans to travel through time for study and exploration, but instead it repeatedly sends people to random moments in history, with no way to return home. Andrews and his team spend their days and nights trying to fix the machine, but it seems to have a mind of its own.

In the meantime, the lucky (or unlucky) people who have been sent through time are stuck in strange and often dangerous situations. Some have even ended up in the past or future of other worlds, where they are unable to return to their own time. Andrews is determined to find a way to fix the machine, but he may never get the chance. Eternity's Edge seems determined to keep its hold on humanity, for better or worse.

[*] Berserker's Cape: Increases damage while taking damage.
Sitting in his laboratory, Clarence the Mad Scientist cackled with maniacal glee as he finished affixing the final bolts on his latest invention: the Berserker's Cape.

"With this, I shall become the most powerful being in the universe!" he exclaimed, putting the cape on and striking a dramatic pose.

Unfortunately for Clarence, the cape didn't quite have the desired effect. Instead of turning him into a super-powerful being, it just made him look like a dork.

"Oh well," he muttered, shrugging it off. "I'm sure I'll find some other use for it."

Clarence then went to the kitchen to make himself a sandwich, forgetting all about the Berserker's Cape.

Later that day, a group of thugs broke into Clarence's house, intending to rob him. When they saw him, they started laughing their heads off.

"What a dork!" one of them exclaimed. "He's wearing a cape like a superhero!"

The thugs then proceeded to beat Clarence up and take his money.

"I should have known better than to trust a scientist," Clarence muttered, as he lay in a pool of his own blood. "They're all mad, the lot of them."

Clarence's last thoughts were of the Berserker's Cape, and how it had only made him look like a fool.

[*] Skullfire Rune: Explodes when you take damage, damaging nearby enemies. (Consumed on use? Cooldown?)
When Professor Harold Klumpfiss attempted to use the Skullfire Rune in his latest invention, he found out that the rumors were not true. In fact, the Skullfire Rune was a dud. It did nothing but light his lab on fire.

But Klumpfiss was not one to give up, so he decided to try again. This time, he attached the Rune to a rocket and fired it into the sky. But again, the Rune failed to do anything.

It wasn't until Klumpfiss attached the Rune to a pair of robotic dogs that he finally found out what the Skullfire Rune could do. The dogs started chasing each other around the lab, and before long, the whole place was on fire.

Klumpfiss was able to escape the burning lab, but he was arrested for arson soon afterwards. As he sat in jail, he realized that the Skullfire Rune was not a dud after all. It was just a very powerful prank candle.

[*] Doomsday Clock: Reduces the timer for each level.
As the clock struck midnight, the room was filled with a loud, deep chime. Professor Smythe, the clock's keeper, looked at the clock's face - the hands were in the 12 o'clock position, exactly where they were supposed to be.

But this was no ordinary clock. This was the Doomsday Clock, and it had been ticking down since the end of the world was narrowly averted in 1992.

Now, it seemed, the time had finally come. Professor Smythe knew there was only one thing he could do.

He climbed up to the clock's Face and began winding it backwards. As he did, he could hear the gears grinding, protesting against the impossible task.

But he had to try. He had to wind it back to 11:59:59, before the end of the world could happen.

He could feel the clock's weight bearing down on him, threatening to crush him. But he kept winding, until finally...

The clock's chime faded into silence, and the hands slowly moved back to 11:59:59. The end of the world had been averted, once again.

[*] Gutting Pliers: Increase damage against Elites by +20%.
It's the end of the world. Again.

This time, the Gutting Pliers were to blame. It all started when the inventor, desperate to create a new and innovative product, finally finished his brainchild after weeks of hard work. The Gutting Pliers were the new must-have item for every kitchen, he thought, as he proudly displayed them to his family and friends.

But little did he know, the Gutting Pliers were cursed.

That first fateful day, when the inventor decided to test his new toy out on an innocent grape, things went wrong. The grape split in two, but the pliers remained firmly clamped around it. In a panic, the inventor tried to free the grape but only succeeded in mutilating it further.

And so it began. Every time the Gutting Pliers were used, they caused more destruction. Veggies became mush, fruits were shredded, and meat was ripped to pieces. The inventor and his family tried to get rid of the pliers but to no avail. They had become a household item and there was no going back.

As the world descended into chaos, people began to blame the Gutting Pliers for all their woes. There was no food to be found, no shelter to be had, and no hope for the future.

But amidst all the destruction, one thing remained: the Gutting Pliers. Clamped firmly around whatever unfortunate item they happened to grip.

[X] Orb of Enlightenment: Increase XP gain by 30%.
As soon as the Orb of Enlightenment was touched, the ancient runes on its surface began to glow. The light grew brighter and brighter until it filled the entire room. Then, just as suddenly as it had begun, the light faded and the room was dark again.

When his eyes had adjusted, the first thing Ian saw was the box the orb had been sitting in. It was open now, and the orb was gone. Ian quickly looked around, but there was no sign of it. Then he heard a voice in his head.

"You have found the Orb of Enlightenment," the voice said. "With this orb, you will be able to see the truth in all things."

Ian didn't know what to make of this. He had always been a skeptic, and he wasn't sure he wanted to see the truth in all things. But then he remembered how much his life had changed since he'd started using the orb. He had stopped drinking and smoking, and he was getting along better with his wife and kids. Maybe the orb could help him change other parts of his life that he wasn't happy with.

So Ian took a deep breath and decided to take the orb's advice. He would see the truth in all things, and he would change the parts of his life that he didn't like. He was ready to face whatever the orb had in store for him.

[*] Soul Shroud: Grants a bonus to all stats when your health is low.
The first thing that caught my eye about the Soul Shroud was the price. It was listed as being "pricey" on the online auction site I was browsing, but I was curious about the item so I decided to click on the listing. According to the description, the Soul Shroud was a magical item that could grant wishes. The more I read about it, the more intrigued I became.

I decided to place a bid on the Soul Shroud and thankfully, I won the auction. When the item arrived, I couldn't believe my eyes. It was a black shroud with strange markings on it. I carefully unfolded it and inside was a note that said: "Use me wisely, my chosen one."

I wasn't sure what to do with the Soul Shroud, but I knew I wanted to wish for something big. I thought about it long and hard, and eventually decided on my wish. I wished for a million dollars.

I waited eagerly for the money to appear in my bank account, but nothing happened. I was starting to get frustrated when I realized that the Soul Shroud must not have been working properly. I decided to take it back to the auction site and try to get my money back.

When I got to the site, I was surprised to find out that the Soul Shroud had been sold again. This time, the price was even higher than before. I was heartbroken, but I knew there was nothing I could do. I decided to put the shroud away and forget about it.

Months passed and I had all but forgotten about the Soul Shroud when I received an email from the auction site. They were letting me know that the shroud had been sold again, and this time, the buyer wanted to meet me in person to pick it up.

I was curious about who had bought the shroud, so I agreed to meet the buyer. When I got to the meeting place, I was surprised to see that it was the person who had originally listed the shroud on the auction site.

"Hello," he said. "I'm the owner of the Soul Shroud. I'm glad you decided to meet me."

I was shocked when he told me his wish had been granted. He had wished for a million dollars and now he had it. He said he had been planning to sell the shroud again, but he decided to give it to me instead.

I was so excited and happy that I hugged him. I knew that I would never forget the Soul Shroud, and I would always be grateful to the owner for giving it to me.

[X] Immortal Soulstone: Double the duration of all buffs.
The technician carefully disconnected the last fiber optic cable from the back of the server and placed it in the box. He closed the lid and carried the box to the loading dock, where his colleague was waiting with the truck.

"Another one down," the technician said.

"Damn, that thing was huge," his colleague said. "What the hell do they make these things for?"

"I have no idea. But whatever it is, it's gotta be important. They've been using these things for years and nobody knows what they do."

The two men loaded the box into the truck and drove away.

As they pulled out of the loading dock, the technician's phone rang.

"Hello?" he said.

"We need you back at the lab," his boss said. "There's been a change in plans."

The technician sighed.

"I'll be there in a few hours."

When he arrived at the lab, his boss was waiting for him.

"We need you to take a look at this," his boss said, pointing to a monitor.

The technician looked at the monitor and saw a picture of the server he had just taken apart.

"What am I looking at?" he asked.

"That's the Immortal Soulstone," his boss said. "It's been stolen."

[*] Necrotic Greaves: Chance to avoid lethal damage.
The Necrotic Greaves were the latest invention by the eccentric genius, Professor D. Xenon. Rumors had been swirling for weeks before their unveiling at the latest convention of the International Association of Science and Technology. Some said they were gloves that could shoot fire, others swore they were shoes that could walk on water. But Xenon was a known prankster and no one was sure what to believe.

The night of the unveiling, Xenon took the stage to wild applause. He grinned and flourished a pair of shiny black boots.

"Ladies and gentlemen," he said, "I give you the Necrotic Greaves!"

There was a smattering of polite laughter, but mostly the audience was just waiting for him to get on with it.

"These boots are amazing!" Xenon continued. "They harness the power of necrotic energy to create a force field around the wearer's feet. Not only will you be impenetrable to attack, but you will be able to walk on any surface, no matter how treacherous!"

The audience erupted into applause. Xenon basked in the limelight for a moment, then motioned for someone to come up on stage and try them on.

A young man in the front row leapt to his feet and eagerly made his way to the stage. Xenon helped him put on the boots and step into the force field. The audience held its breath as the man took a step forward.

He looked around in amazement as he effortlessly walked across the stage, then turned and did a back flip. The audience went wild.

The Necrotic Greaves were a sensation. Xenon was hailed as a genius and people everywhere were clamoring to get their hands on a pair.

The only problem was that they didn't work.

Xenon had pulled off the biggest prank of his life. The Necrotic Greaves were nothing more than a pair of regular boots with some shiny paint on them. But no one knew that until it was too late.

The Necrotic Greaves became the biggest laughing-stock in history. And Xenon, the man who invented them, was laughed out of every convention he ever attended.

[*] Demonic Blade: Gain bonus damage when attacking an enemy from behind.
I always loved going to the conventions, the cosplayers, the dealers' room, and of course, the Artist's Alley. This year's convention, however, was different. There was a new dealer's room addition: an entire section dedicated to Demonic Blades.

These were no ordinary blades. They were said to have been crafted from the very flames of hell itself. Any normal person who touched them would be consumed by their evil. But for those who were brave enough, the blades offered power and strength like no other.

I had to see for myself.

As I walked up to the table, my heart was racing. I couldn't believe I was actually going to buy one of these blades. The dealer assured me that they were perfectly safe, and that I could feel the power emanating from them.

I decided on a simple blade, not wanting to attract too much attention. I paid for it and headed home.

As soon as I got home, I couldn't wait to try out my new weapon. I unsheathed it and took a deep breath. I was ready to unleash the power of the Demonic Blade.

But as soon as I touched the blade, I knew I had made a mistake. The power was too much. It was like the blade was trying to consume me. I could feel the heat of the flames on my skin. I could feel the darkness creeping into my soul.

I tried to fight it, but it was too strong. The blade had taken over me. I was its slave now. And there was nothing I could do about it.

[*] Troll's Blood: Grants increased regeneration.
When the troll blood arrives, it's a bit of a letdown.

Science fiction author Jedediah S. Rogers was counting on something more majestic, more awe-inspiring. But when the package arrives on his doorstep, it's just a small, unassuming bottle of dark red liquid.

He'd been promised troll blood by the online reseller – an ingredient with supposedly magical properties. But as he uncorks the bottle and takes a sniff, all he can detect is a faint metallic scent.

Rogers is about to give up and discard the stuff when he has a sudden brainstorm. He'll test the troll blood's magical properties by using it in his latest novel.

He quickly mixes a few drops into his manuscript and hits publish. And to his amazement, the story takes on a life of its own. Characters come to life, the plot thickens, and his readers can't get enough.

Rogers is elated. He's finally discovered the secret to writing bestsellers – troll blood. Who knows what other possibilities might be opened up by this amazing substance?

[*] Hive Mind: All allies gain increased attack speed and damage.
The Hive Mind was the most popular item on the black market. It was a small metal disc with a complex web of circuitry that attached to the back of your head. Once plugged in, the disc would create a direct neural connection to the internet, allowing the user to access any information they desired.

The Hive Mind was created by a group of hackers who called themselves the "Spidermen". They were a group of misfits who were laughed at and ridiculed by the mainstream tech community. But they were also the most brilliant minds in the world, and they had just created the most sought-after device in history.

The Spidermen went into hiding after creating the Hive Mind, and they never revealed the true origins of the device. Some said it was created by aliens, others said it was created by a secret government laboratory. But no one knew for sure.

The Hive Mind was expensive and difficult to get your hands on, but that didn't stop people from trying. It was being used by corporations, governments, and celebrities all over the world. And no one could keep a secret like the Spidermen.

The Hive Mind was finally revealed to the world in a TED Talk by one of the Spidermen. He demonstrated the device and explained its origins. The crowd was in awe.

The Hive Mind was a true revolution in technology, and it was only going to get better from here.

[*] Void-Touched Blade: Does more damage the lower your health is.
The Void-Touched Blade is a unique, one of a kind weapon that was created when an ethereal being touched a blade in the physical world. The blade is imbued with the power of the void, and it can slice through any material as if it were nothing.

The sword is said to be cursed, and it's rumored that anyone who wields it will come to a terrible end. But despite the risks, many warriors are drawn to the sword's power, and they compete against each other to be the first to claim it.

Equipment:
[*] Gunnar's Despair: Forbids nearby enemies to attack you for 5 seconds.
The first indication that something was wrong was when the guns stopped working.

Gunnar and his fellow soldiers were pinned down by enemy fire, their bullets bouncing harmlessly off the armor of the Ultranats. They were saved only by the sudden appearance of the giant robot, tearing through the Ultranat lines and smashing their tanks.

But as the smoke cleared, Gunnar saw that the robot was damaged, its armor pitted and scorched. It limped towards them, its weapons offline.

The Ultranats closed in for the kill, but then their guns stopped working too.

They looked down at their guns in confusion, then up at the robot, which was now standing over them, its weapons restored.

It was Gunnar's Despair.

[*] Catalyzed Reserves: Deal damage equal to 20% of your maximum life every few seconds.
The first thing that caught my attention was the small, black box with a blinking light. It looked like something you might find in the cockpit of an airplane, or on the dash of a car. I was about to reach for it when I noticed the label.

Catalyzed reserves.

I had no idea what that was, but it sounded important. I knew I should leave it where it was, but my curiosity got the better of me. I reached for the box and pulled it towards me.

As soon as I touched it, the light turned from red to green and the box began to beep. I panicked and tried to put it back, but it was too late. The box had already released its contents – a black liquid that began spreading across the floor like oil.

I watched in horror as the liquid slowly reached my feet. There was nothing I could do but wait and see what would happen next.

The liquid continued to spread until it reached my waist. I could feel it seeping into my clothes and skin, and I knew I was in trouble. I tried to run, but my feet were stuck in the black goo.

I was paralyzed by the liquid and could only watch as the black liquid began to seep into my eyes, nose, and mouth. I was suffocating and I knew I was going to die.

Just when I thought it was over, I felt a strange sensation inside my head. It was like someone had turned on a light switch, and for the first time in my life, I understood what catalyzed reserves were.

Catalyzed reserves are a type of oil that is used to power machines. When it comes in contact with human flesh, it creates a connection between the machine and the human. The person becomes a machine, and can be controlled by the person who released the catalyzed reserves.

I was now a machine, and I belonged to the person who had released the catalyzed reserves.

[*] Evil Eye: Surround yourself with enemies and explode. Deals large area of effect damage.
I was in my lab, working on my next big invention when I heard a knock at the door. I opened it to find a small woman there, clutching a bag.

"Hello, are you Dr. Richards?" she asked.

"Yes, can I help you?"

"I was wondering if you could help me with this," she said, holding out the bag.

I took it from her and looked inside. It was filled with broken glass.

"What is this?" I asked.

"It's an Evil Eye," she said. "My friend found it and asked me to get rid of it, but I don't know how."

I stared at her for a moment, then burst out laughing.

"This is a joke, right?" I asked.

"No, I'm serious," she said earnestly.

I shook my head and handed the bag back to her.

"I'm sorry, but I can't help you. Good luck finding someone else who can."

I closed the door and went back to work, shaking my head. I couldn't believe she'd just shown up at my door with an Evil Eye. I'd never heard of such a thing. But then again, I never expected to be asked to help get rid of one either.

I'm not sure what the woman planned to do with it, but I'm pretty sure it was nothing good. I can only hope that she was able to find someone who could help her get rid of it.

[*] Unleashed Supremacy: Gain +5 health and +1% damage for each enemy one the map with 10% health or less.
The first thing I knew was the cold, hard ground pressing into my face. I groaned and pushed myself up, trying to shake the fuzziness from my head. The second thing I knew was the pain in my side. I put a hand over the spot and sucked in a breath, trying to remember what had happened.

I remembered the party, and the guys from the other team. And then…nothing. I frowned and tried to stand, but my legs wobbled beneath me. I sat back down with a thud and put my face in my hands.

"Looks like we have a human pet."

I looked up at the sound of the voice, trying to make out the figure in the darkness. But all I could see was a silhouette, tall and thin.

"What do you want with me?" I asked, trying to keep the fear from my voice.

"Oh, nothing much," the figure said. "Just your obedience."

I swallowed hard and tried to back away, but I hit a wall. The figure chuckled softly and came closer.

"Don't worry," it said. "You won't be hurt…unless you don't do as you're told."

I gulped and nodded, too afraid to speak. And then I heard the voice in my head, soft and gentle.

"It's alright, pet," the voice said. "I'm here with you."

I felt a sense of calm wash over me and I relaxed into the presence. The figure stopped in front of me and I looked up at it, my eyesight clearing slightly.

"Good pet," the figure said, reaching down to touch my head. "You'll do well to remember your place."

And with that, I was lost to the darkness.

[*] Dreamer's Chalice: Teleports you to your most recently activated shrine.
I dreamed I was a spoon. Silverware, really. I dreamed I was in the drawer of a kitchen, nested in a set of spoons with my brothers and sisters. We were waiting for someone to pick us up, to scoop us up and stir our contents into a pot of soup or porridge.

But no one ever did. We just sat there in the drawer, getting colder and colder, until one day we were all so cold we fell asleep. And I dreamed that I was a spoon, forever.

But then one day, I was chosen. I was picked up from the drawer, and I was on my way to stir someone's soup. I was so excited! But as I got closer to the pot, I could see that the soup was boiling. It was too hot for me. I tried to back away, but it was too late. I melted in the boiling soup, and I was gone forever.

I dreamed that I was a spoon, but in the end, I melted like everyone else.

But at least I got to stir someone's soup.

[*] Voidsphere: Creates a void field that absorbs projectiles and converts them into a damage over time effect.
As the tech-priests of the Adeptus Mechanicus chanted in binary, the young initiate felt a sense of awe as the massive Voidsphere was lowered into the room. It was said that this sphere was infused with the power of the void itself, and that it could be used to travel to other planes of existence.

The young initiate couldn't help but feel excited as he approached the sphere. He had dreamt of traveling to other worlds since he was a child, and now he was about to do just that. The tech-priests completed their chant and activated the sphere. The initiate stepped inside.

Suddenly, he felt a sense of vertigo as the sphere began to spin. He closed his eyes and waited for the journey to begin. When he opened them again, he was no longer in the room. He was in a place unlike any he had ever seen before. There were strange creatures flying through the air and giant plants growing everywhere. The sphere had taken him to another plane of existence.

The young initiate was excited to explore this new world, but he knew he had to be careful. He didn't know what dangers awaited him here. He would never have thought that he would be able to visit other planes of existence, but now that he had, he was determined to explore them all.

Lunar:
[*] Wraith's Opinion: Deal double damage, take double the damage.
When I was a young wraith, just starting out in the big wide world of spectral opinion giving, I was given a very important task. My opinion, as it were, was to be the deciding factor in the purchase of a new chair for the royal boudoir.

At first, I was honored. As I floated around the throne room, taking in the grandeur of it all, I felt like my voice really mattered. That is, until I saw the chair.

It was hideous.

I'm not sure who designed it, but they should be ashamed of themselves. The seat was made of some sort of brick-like material, and the back was covered in spikes. It looked more like something a demon would sit in, not a wraith.

To make matters worse, the other wraiths were all pressuring me to give my opinion. They kept telling me that my opinion was the most important one, and that I needed to pick a side.

I didn't know what to do.

In the end, I decided to go with my gut feeling. And my gut was telling me that this chair was absolutely terrible.

The other wraiths weren't happy with my decision, but I didn't care. I knew I had made the right call. And, to be honest, it felt pretty good to stand up to those jerks.

[*] The Eye of the Void: Grants you a random Status Effect on hit.
When the small team of scientists reached the bottom of the dark abyss, they were not prepared for what they found. In the center of the empty space was a glowing orb, pulsing with energy. They all gathered around it, marveling at the sight, when one of them reached out to touch it.

And then they all died.

Well, not all of them. Just the ones who touched the orb. The rest of them were fine, watching as their friends and colleagues suddenly fell to the ground, convulsing in pain.

The orb was a gateway to another world, a world of pure energy. And anyone who touched it would be instantly killed.

The team tried to back away, but it was too late. One by one, they all touched the orb and were consumed by its power. There was a bright light, and then they were gone.

The only thing that remained was the orb, pulsing with energy.

[*] Chaos Shard: Randomly changes your abilities.
The first thing that Clark noticed was the burning in his eyes. He tried to rub them, but his arms were bound tight to his sides. The second thing he noticed was the laughter. It started as a low chuckle, but it quickly grew into a full blown maniacal cackle. The third thing he noticed was the swirling mass of shadow and light that was slowly coalescing in front of him.

Clark tried to take a step back, but found that he couldn't move. He could feel the energy emanating from the swirling mass, it was like a physical force pushing against him. The laughter grew louder and more manic, until finally the swirling mass exploded into a thousand shards of light.

The shards rained down around him, cutting through his clothes and digging into his skin. He screamed, but the laughter drowned out his cries. The shards spun around him faster and faster, until finally they merged together and became one again.

The light pulsed and grew brighter, until finally Clark couldn't take it anymore. He closed his eyes and waited for the end.

But it never came.

When he opened his eyes, the light was gone and Clark was standing in the middle of a destroyed city. He could see the bodies of civilians and soldiers strewn across the ground, their blood staining the concrete. The smell of death was thick in the air, and Clark could hear the screams of the wounded echoing through the streets.

He tried to take a step forward, but found that he couldn't move. He could feel the energy emanating from the shattered buildings, it was like a physical force pushing against him. The screams grew louder and more desperate, until finally they faded into silence.

The buildings pulsed and grew brighter, until finally Clark couldn't take it anymore. He closed his eyes and waited for the end.

But it never came.

When he opened his eyes, Clark was standing in the middle of a barren wasteland. He could see the blackened earth and the empty sky, and he could smell the ashes of buildings long burned. The only sound was the wind, a mournful howl that seemed to echo through his soul.

He tried to take a step forward, but found that he couldn't move. He could feel the energy emanating from the blasted earth, it was like a physical force pushing against him. The wind grew louder and more intense, until finally it died away into silence.

The earth pulsed and grew brighter, until finally Clark couldn't take it anymore. He closed his eyes and waited for the end.

But it never came.

When he opened his eyes, Clark was standing in the middle of a bar. He could see the bottles of liquor and the glasses of beer, and he could smell the stale cigarettes and the greasy food. The only sound was the jukebox, a tinny melody that seemed to echo through his soul.

He tried to take a step forward, but found that he couldn't move. He could feel the energy emanating from the red neon sign, it was like a physical force pushing against him. The music grew louder and more insistent, until finally it died away into silence.

The neon pulsed and grew brighter, until finally Clark couldn't take it anymore. He closed his eyes and waited for the end.

But it never came.

Lunar Equipment:
[*] Crystal of Reversal: Reverses the direction of all projectiles.
Lenny was sick of always being the victim. He was always the one getting picked on at school, always the one losing his phone, and always the one with the broken arm. So, when he found a small, clear crystal at a garage sale, he was excited at the prospect of finally having the power to turn the tables on his tormentors.

He eagerly brought the crystal home and placed it on his bedside table. The next day, he put it to use and reversed the roles in his school locker room, making his bullies the ones being picked on for once. He laughed as they scrambled to cover their naked bodies.

But soon, Lenny found that he couldn't control the crystal's power. It seemed to have a mind of its own. The next time he used it, he found himself in the body of his science teacher, while she was giving a lecture in front of the class. He was mortified as he saw himself up on the screen, babbling like an idiot.

The crystal seemed to have a sense of humor, reversing his body whenever it felt like it. Lenny quickly became fed up with the crystal's games and decided to get rid of it. But no matter where he tried to hide it, the crystal always found its way back to him.

Finally, Lenny decided to take the crystal to the top of the local volcano and throw it in. As he watched it fall into the molten lava, he felt a sense of relief. Maybe now he could finally live a normal life without being the butt of everyone's jokes.

But as the crystal sunk into the molten rock, Lenny heard a laughter echoing in his mind. It was the laughter of the crystal, taunting him and letting him know that it would always be with him, no matter what he did.

[*] Cursed Coin: Grants a random buff or debuff on use.
When I was young, my uncle told me a story about a cursed coin. Supposedly, anyone who possesses the coin will experience a string of bad luck. He told me that if I ever found it, I should immediately get rid of it.

I never thought I'd find the coin, but one day, while I was out metal detecting, I came across a rusty old penny. I dug it out of the ground and took it home.

As soon as I got home, I started experiencing bad luck. My cat ran away, my car broke down, and my house flooded. I knew the coin was responsible, so I tried to get rid of it. But every time I tried to throw it away, it would always end up back in my hand.

I eventually gave up and decided to keep the coin. Maybe the curse would eventually wear off. But the bad luck just kept getting worse. My family fell apart, my business went bankrupt, and I even got into a car accident.

I was certain the coin was responsible for all my troubles, so I decided to finally get rid of it. I threw it as far as I could, but it came right back to me.

I don't know what to do anymore. The coin is ruining my life, but I can't seem to get rid of it. Maybe there's no escape from the curse.